# Make our installer scripts open source

**brikis98** commented *May 9, 2016*

This PR takes our infrastructure installers, which were originated in the packer-modules repo, and makes them open source. 

`install-packer-module` is now called `gruntwork-install`. The goal of this script is to make it as easy to install modules from our script-modules repo as it is to use apt-get or yum. Note that this script now uses a generic name (not packer specific) and points at script-modules (not packer-modules). Obviously, we need to configure all of the scripts in script-modules to work with it.

`install-gruntwork-packer-bootstrap-tools.sh` is now called `bootstrap-gruntwork-installer.sh`. You can use this script in a one-liner to install `gruntwork-install` as follows: 

``` bash
curl -Ls https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-installer/master/bootstrap-gruntwork-installer.sh | bash -s --version=0.0.1
```

Other key changes:
1. The bootstrap script no longer does anything with `/tmp/packer-files` or `/etc/user-data`. Instead, we should make these their own modules in the script-modules repo that a user can explicitly install.
2. The bootstrap script consists of functions to a) make the code more maintainable and b) to avoid the possibility of the one-line install process causing serious errors if there is a partial download.
3. I removed the need for the GitHub auth token from the bootstrap script (since it’s open source now).
4. I moved the GitHub auth token to an environment variable in the `gruntwork-install` script. I recommend you do the same for fetch.
5. The user now tells the bootstrap script which version of the `gruntwork-install` script to install. This is important, as they will be running the bootstrap script in their build, and they want to have a consistent result. 

<br />
***


**brikis98** commented *May 9, 2016*

@josh-padnick I'm going to merge this one in so I can properly test it. However, feedback is very welcome.

***

**josh-padnick** commented *May 9, 2016*

> The bootstrap script no longer does anything with /tmp/packer-files or /etc/user-data. Instead, we should make these their own modules in the script-modules repo that a user can explicitly install.

I really like making `/tmp/packer-files` copying its own dedicated module.

For `/etc/user-data`, we could either (a) have each script create the directory `/etc/user-data` if it doesn't exist, or (b) create a dedicated module just to create a directory and add a README. Neither seem like great options. I honestly think it's ok for bootstrapper to create the `/etc/user-data` and README since I don't like either of the two prev options.

***

**josh-padnick** commented *May 9, 2016*

> The user now tells the bootstrap script which version of the gruntwork-install script to install.

After thinking about this, I agree this is a better approach. If the client wants the latest version, they can simply update packer builds manually. Maybe it's an issue if the client is making, say 15, different AMIs, but for now seems good.

***

**brikis98** commented *May 9, 2016*

> For /etc/user-data, we could either (a) have each script create the directory /etc/user-data if it doesn't exist, or (b) create a dedicated module just to create a directory and add a README. Neither seem like great options. I honestly think it's ok for bootstrapper to create the /etc/user-data and README since I don't like either of the two prev options.

Done: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-installer/commit/a86ad083dadfbe0eae2df4f60d7cf15a423a5b7c

***

**brikis98** commented *May 9, 2016*

> After thinking about this, I agree this is a better approach. If the client wants the latest version, they can simply update packer builds manually.

Yep. One big TODO is to give us a better way to version the bootstrap script and the installer. That is, they should have `--version` flags that spit out what version they currently are. Need to find a way to automate that.

***

**josh-padnick** commented *May 9, 2016*

This looks excellent overall! It's a clean, clear record of what our "package manager" is actually doing, and open sourcing it is absolutely the right call.  Nice work on this. 

***

