# Update use of fetch to resolve-symlinks when included in modules.

**josh-padnick** commented *Mar 21, 2018*

Some Gruntwork modules need to reference a common folder in a repo such as a "bash commons", but fetch installs only a module's directory, not the whole repo, so what to do?

This change incorporates the new `--resolve-symlinks feature` implemented in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/fetch/pull/40. This way, a module can include a symlink to a common folder, and when the module is installed, each symlink will be replaced with the contents of its targets.

**Important:** Make sure not to merge this until https://github.com/gruntwork-io/fetch/pull/40 has been merged. Note that the build will fail until that PR is merged.
<br />
***


**brikis98** commented *Mar 21, 2018*

> Some Gruntwork modules need to reference a common folder in a repo such as a "bash commons", but fetch installs only a module's directory, not the whole repo, so what to do?

Fetch downloads the whole repo. I just have the `install.sh` script copy dependencies to where they need to go...

Also, in the future, won't bash-commons be a separate repo we `gruntwork-install` directly anyway?
***

**josh-padnick** commented *Mar 21, 2018*

In retrospect, I think I should have addressed this issue at the _end_ of my current project, when I have the most information to make a decision, not upfront, so your skepticism is warranted. Also, in retrospect, I'd be better off being further along with the overall project, and leaving this pattern to marinate over a few days. That being said, here's my current thought process:

> Fetch downloads the whole repo. 

This is not the case. The line in `gruntwork-install` that calls `fetch` includes the property `--source-path="/modules/$module_name"`:

 https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-installer/blob/cf508dc0ff18319145cc3e239f985fc06b6904c0/gruntwork-install#L125

This means that `fetch` will only download the module folder itself and not the whole repo. Of course, there's an [open issue with this functionality](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/fetch/issues/37), but either way I didn't want to break current functionality in `fetch`.

> I just have the install.sh script copy dependencies to where they need to go.

Since `gruntwork-install` only copies the module files, how is it that your `bash-commons` files are available to be copied in the first place?

> Also, in the future, won't bash-commons be a separate repo we gruntwork-install directly anyway?

Probably, but on the other hand, we're likely to have a mix of `gruntwork-io/bash-commons` and repo-specific bash-commons, especially in repos like Kafka where multiple `run-xxx` scripts copy a lot of Kafka-specific code.

FWIW, I also realized that the current way I implemented this for package-zookeeper requires that the AMI user always explicitly specify a branch name, which I was worried would be confusing and error-prone for end users.

I'm going to leave this to marinate with discussions for now and will continue along on the Kafka project so I'm not blocked on this.
***

**josh-padnick** commented *Mar 21, 2018*

Based on some excellent discussions with the team, the underlying issue is that `gruntwork-install` does not yet support dependencies. Rather than hack that with symlinks, we should implement that in a first-class way. Therefore, I'm closing this PR without merging it.
***

