# Add open source license.

**josh-padnick** commented *Jun 16, 2016*

While writing docs for a Packer build that uses the Gruntwork Installer, I found myself claiming that this repo was open source when in fact we hadn't declared a license yet.

I was tempted to use the super-permissive MIT license, but then I realized that (a) we probably want to use one common license for all our open source tooling, and (b) for anything that's published open source we probably want people who make modifications and wish to distribute our stuff to others also open source their changes, though clearly this is a point of debate.

For example, if someone makes a fork of fetch or ec2-snapper, they're free to use those forks internally and privately for their own use, but if they want to distribute their modified fetch to others, say as part of a commercial tool, they should open source just the portions of fetch they modified.

It seems the most permissive "copyleft" license is MPL 2.0, and based on https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/FAQ/, this seems to meet our needs.

Let me know your thoughts. Definitely open to different options here.

'cc @brikis98 

<br />
***


**brikis98** commented *Jun 17, 2016*

I am not a fan of copyleft licenses. I don't like open source that comes with a "catch", and many companies refuse to touch anything that sounds even remotely like copyleft. 

I would much rather use MIT. It lets people do what they want so long as they provide attribution. That's good enough for our purposes.

***

**josh-padnick** commented *Sep 1, 2016*

Not sure why this PR was left open for so long (probably my fault), but we ultimately went with MITv2 and it's already in `master`.

***

